---
title: WeekNotes - June 6, 2022
date: 2022-06-06
tags:
  - weeknotes 
layout: layouts/post.njk
---

Been a minute. This week is all about finishing up the last week of school for the kiddos and getting ready to go to Ireland for the first half of the summer. We are so fortunate to have this opportunity. Lou's folks (in theory) split time between here (US) and there (IRE), so we have access to a condo and a car. Lou takes all of her vacation time in one go, and I work half the time. I've had really good luck at co-working places; meeting folks and forging friendships, in the past. I know the kids won't/don't appreciate it now, but I'm sure they will appreciate the memories.

Getting ready for an extended international trip is a bit stressful. Duh.

## Did
- I played my one-ish round of golf for the year and sucked less than usual.
- Have enjoyed the Celtics play-off (championship?) run. Ronan has even started to care a little bit. As a life-long fan, and avid watcher of this current Celtics core, it's hard for me to grasp that we have finally arrived at a championship caliber team. Do you like how I said "we"? When you've watched as many games and typed as many emails to your hometown friends about last nights game as I have, you get to say "we".
- Trying to do some actually programming and problem solving in React. As somebody who accidentally became a frontend developer, React feels a little too close to computer science.

## Watched
- Lou and I watched *Severence* and probably have the same opinion as most folks. Little slow with a big pay-off.
- Watch the animated series *Arcane* based on <a href="https://marcamos.com/">Marc's</a> recommendation. Super cool animation style and surprisingly emotional.
- Watched Marvel's *Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings* with the kiddos and thought that was pretty fun. Nice to see more diversity in super hero movies.
- We started Watching *Kenobi* as a family but Wes really hates the constant flashbacks to Anakin's burnt up body. I tend to agree with him. We get it Ben, it was a real bummer, man.

## Read
- Finished Martha Wells' *Network Effect: A Murderbot Novel* . I've read all the novellas up to this full novel. Really fun reads.
- Getting near finishing Neal Stephenson's *Termination Shock*. It is about near-future climate change. Very enlightening, but given Neal's ability to predict the future, it's sort of shit-your-pants terrifying. 
