---
title: WeekNotes - Nov 27, 2022
date: 2022-12-27
tags:
  - weeknotes 
layout: layouts/post.njk
---
Super chill TDay weekend; no travel, and a very favorable pie/visitor ratio. The kids are old enough where they have interests that don't involve an adult's direct involvement, so there was a lot of people doing things they liked. Baking, reading, building, puttering, gaming, snacking, etc. I wore my favorite sweatshirt a lot. It's not to say I didn't do anything productive. I helped my father-in-law blow in insulation into an attic for 4 hours, I got my lumberjack on with some backyard trees, I even participated in the first annual neighborhood Thanksgiving morning football game. A++ would do again.

### Projects 
- broke out my electric chainsaw and got after some felled trees.
- Tried to get my outdoor lights to be "smart" again. Really need the Matter protocol to be a thing, soonish.
- Messed about moving my social graph off of bird site and onto elephant site. 
- Assembled a tumbler composting bin. Rhone-Dogg learned all about composting in his second grade class, so we are giving it a go.
- Trying to as many quests done in fortnite before this season ends (I am the best 17-year-old ever).

# Read 
- <a href="https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/24611819-the-peripheral">**The Peripheral**</a>. I have read a lot of William Gibson books (as a good little nerd), and this is pretty good. The world-collapsing "jackpot" the story is centered around is disturbing in that Gibson has been pretty spot-on with his visions of the future. Do not want. I actually put this book down for a while but picked back up in time to finish it before the start of the TV Series.

# Watched
- <a href="https://www.imdb.com/title/tt8291284/">**The Peripheral**</a>. Seven episodes in and I am enjoying it. A good balance of taking from the book, and adapting it to screen. I was really not seeing how this book would ever be comprehensible on screen, but they have done of great job at adapting it.

- **Mythic Quest** Season 3 (Apple TV +). I've gone on the record saying this show is better than Ted Lasso, and I stand by my words. Really funny, good take on technology, and the characters have interesting and funny arcs.

- **Andor** (Disney +). Really good. This, and season 2 of The Mandalorian would be the only Star Wars shows I would say that about.

- Made it one episode into Ring Of Power. Nah.
 