---
title: 2021
date: 2022-01-01
tags:
  - yearnotes 
layout: layouts/post.njk
---

<hr>
I've had worse years (actually just one, and it was last year), but I'm glad to be done with this year.  I'm sure my year was roughly like yours. I wish I was somebody who achieved crazy goals during all this time at home, but I'm more just trying to help keep all of our family's heads above water. I like the fact that I can be more present with my family. I do miss going to Boston and seeing my work chums. Consistent fitness remains illusive, and some of my larger goals are still years off schedule.

Here are some highlights, in no particular order.

- Restarted my personal website(RIP jetsetbingo)
- Kids went back to school
- Sorta kinda got better at living day-to-day in a pandemic
- Paid off the other car
- tore out the old busted gas fireplace insert (my FIL drywalled like an ace)
- Got a new mountain bike and *sent it* (with the appropriate caution of a mid 40's dad)
- Got the kids started with skiing and they *sent it* (did a bit more myself)
- Hit a few pub runs and did a 5k
- Had some heat pumps (mini splits to some) installed - they are great, make the house much warmer
- Saw my folks and travelled to VA to see my sister.
- Family trip to VT and Niagara Falls.
- Took the kids to NYC for the first time. They were entertained for about 45 minutes. 
- Gave the kids decent pandemic birthdays (we are getting better at this)
- Travelled to Kingdom Trails/VT for Noel's annual birthday MTB trip
- Started drinking more bourbon (I guess that is a highlight, I may look back and regret this)
- Got W more help with his disability/ability issues.
- Started coaching R's hoops team (I love basketball and love helping kids get better at it)
- Got a new dev machine up and running (got 7 years out of my old MBP)
- Continued to read a decent amount of books per year (I was previously not an avid reader)
- Continued to connect with a nice peer group of devs via our slack group
- Played *a lot* of fortnite with nice peer group of devs (and by myself).


## Goals for 2022
- Find some sort of fitness I enjoy. I've never just worked out for it's own sake. I should try and find an activity I like doing. I'm sure this will go great
- Grow this site: I want to document things I do, learn, and read
- Find ways to relax that won't destroy my mind/body
- Renew some expired certs
- Do some camping 
- Send it on my bike/skis
- Head back to Ireland for a spell?

Here's hoping 2022 isn't another bag of face-chewing rats!